Add Diabetes dataset (#87)
deephaven/examples: Diabetes/README.md

# Diabetes dataset

## This folder contains a single file:

- `diabetes_012_health_indicators_BRFSS2015.csv`

## About the file

> The file contains the responses of Americans to a survey conducted annually by the CDC.  This file contains responses from 2015's survey on Diabetes.  This particular CSV file is a cleaned and consolidated version of the original survey results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The file contains the responses of Americans to a survey conducted annually by the CDC for the year 2015.  This particular CSV file is a cleaned and consolidated version of the original survey results pertaining to diabetes.
```
